VineAnalyze
=====

Easily view and annotate Vine videos downloaded by [VineFetch](https://github.com/DannyDelott/ViPar-Toolkit/tree/master/VineFetch).

##How it Works

VineAnalyze reads in the `vines.json` file generated by [VineFetch](https://github.com/DannyDelott/ViPar-Toolkit/tree/master/VineFetch) and plays the videos while displaying their associated meta-data in the Terminal window.  Users are then prompted to input whether or not the video contains the desired visual object/entity. 

Finally, the meta-data of the fully annotated Vine video dataset is stored in two generated JSON files:

`analysis-good.json` - contains videos marked as containing the desired visual object/entity.  
`analysis-bad.json` - contains videos marked as nont containing the desired visual object/entity.

##Download

VineFetch comes as both a stand-alone, runnable JAR file and an open-source Java project available here in this repository. Users who only wish to use the program as-is should simply download the `analyze.jar` file and run it. See [Usage](#usage).

##Usage

To use the tool, place the `analyze.jar` file into the directory generated by [VineFetch](https://github.com/DannyDelott/ViPar-Toolkit/tree/master/VineFetch) which contains the raw (.MP4) video files. 

Then, open a Terminal window, navigate to the directory containing the `analyze.jar` , and append the following  runtime arguments at launch:

> `java -jar analyze.jar <FILEPATH_TO_JSON_FILE> <NUM_VINES_TO_ANALYZE>`


####Runtime arguments:

| Argument	| Description |
|---|---|
| *java -jar* |	**MANDATORY** - Runs Java expecting a runnable JAR file. |
| *analyze.jar* | **MANDATORY** -	Specifies the runnable JAR file. |
| *FILEPATH_TO_JSON_FILE* |	**MANDATORY** - Filepath to `vines.json` file. |
| *NUM_VINES_TO_ANALYZE* | **MANDATORY** - Nnumber of vines to analyze. (Set to -1 to analyze all vines in file)  |

####Example run:

> `java -jar analyze.jar vines.json 150`  

   - Launches VineAnalyze on `vines.json` and gets user annotations on the first 150 videos in the file. 

> `java -jar analyze.jar vines.json -1`  

   - Launches VineAnalyze on `vines.json` and gets user annotations on all of the videos in the file. 


##Requirements

VineAnalyze requires Java. Download the latest version [here](http://www.java.com/).


##Credits

Mentor: Dr. Garrett Kenyan
